# 2025-08-09

### Short Story
A jungle like nothing you've seen before, penetrating fumes are everywhere, lightning beams, branches and hikes going from north to south, east to west and connecting everything and anything in between. Acres and acres of organized mess flowing and giving life to this place. Sudden buildings appear, with clear roads and paths to their inner cores,inviting you in to give it all. Beings all competing for energy, all starving to be alive. Massive constructions demanding resources life comes in, uknowingly what will happen inside, only the void will decide their fate. Is it 1 or a 0, what's the algorigthm will about you? Are you gonna be granted access so you keep connecting the network? Fulfilling your destiny and reaching the endpoint? What's the goal anyways? Manifest physically through a glaring lightbulb? breaking the airwaves through electromagnetic emissions at a certain pace and rythm? So much to give, so much to do... yet it's all meaningless... yet it's all empty... Can't witness the result of the lifelong work,all of those components adding up to the signal, released at the end, and be back again to work.

### What are you worrying about?
There's so much to do, too much to learn, so much to create, so much to fix, so many tastes,so many wants, so many desires, so many relationships, so meany goals to fulfill. I'm feeling overwhelmed by the vastness of it all. I'm trying one step at a time to untangle the mess and have as a fresh start as possible. Somethings that needs to be done:
- Digital life
  - Organize files and folders
  - Move text notes from block to foam
  - Cleanup PC (Disc C:) and move to external disc 
  - Review installed apps and remove not needed
  - Cleanup tabs on Opera and make 2 different boards
  - Review linux files, maybe migrate some of those to the server or Windows
  - Evaluate if remove completely or reduce linux partition
  - Organize and review the external disc files
  - Start with the categories needed in foam from notion
  - Get the todoist tasks as a big tasks list,table or database
  - Review and scrap Realwears emails, come up with a single lead database and a way to extract topics, sentiment and SEO keyword analysis
- Projects
  - Finish Helios-app
    - https://repairs.playstation.com/s/troubleshooting?id=7&locale=es-mx&language=es_MX
  - Select one project for the MBA, talk to SF. Probably run statistical methods on patterns and trends for quality improving, maybe shipping? Use AI to get some ideas
  - Develop the catalog for an industrial safety company focused on courses, certifications and consulting. Build a mockup webpage and branding package. Review offers using NotebookLM and create a slamdunk offer.



### What's the One Thing TODAY? (Don't forget to do a long list until you choose only 1)
The One thing for today is to setup my second brain, digital garden,zettlekasten system. Write down some notes to get started and begin learning some shortcuts.


### Free Writing
This section is only to write about anything that comes to mind, could be something that make sense, or not, this will be used to jot down as if it were a riddle scrable jnust rumbling whatever tcomes to mind are you thinking about earth dogs? keyboard sounding good, clicky but not that noicy i would say moree clacky than anything else what's the point of this? will I stick to it? even if I do, for how long? seems like a good way to get acquainted with VS code, but also could be a good way to procrastinate on the things that I really need to do. This section should remain open and unsolved, non-structured, someday maybe will be useful

### What did I accomplished today?
The most rewarding part of today was writing and setting up my writing system using foam. Not sure yet if I will blog this publicly. I might once I have it well organized.
